[PLAYER-18] api manager (#78)
Genymobile/genymotion-device-web-player: README.md

    // Device renderer instanciation
    const {DeviceRendererFactory} = window.index;
    const deviceRendererFactory = new DeviceRendererFactory();
    const rendererAPI = deviceRendererFactory.setupRenderer(
        container, // the container element or element ID to use
        webrtcAddress, // the websocket address of your instance connector
        options, // options object to enable or disable features
    );

    // Disconnect the device renderer, closing any open data channels.
    window.addEventListener('beforeunload', function () {
        playerAPI.disconnect();
    });
</script>
```

## Player API

> plugin options and websocket communication can be handle trought the API object returned by setupRenderer function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugin options and websocket communication can be handled through the API object returned by the `setupRenderer` function.
```

Built-in exposed functions are

### `getRegisteredFunctions`

> which return the list of available functions with an optionnal description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which returns the list of available functions with an optional description
```

### `disconnect`

> which disconnect player from VM and cleanup memory listener

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which disconnects the player from the VM and cleanups the memory listener
```

### `addEventListener`

> used to listen messages emit from VM such as 'fingerprint', 'gps', 'BATTERY_LEVEL'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used to listen to messages emitted from the VM such as 'fingerprint', 'gps', 'BATTERY_LEVEL'
```

```html
addEventListener('fingerprint', (msg)=>{ console.log(msg) })
```

### `sendData`

> used to send message to VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used to send messages to the VM.
```
